[Music]
hey let's bet i can guess your age in no
time
it'll only take six simple steps get
yourself a piece of paper
a pen and a calculator ready then let's
get it rolling
number one choose a number from one to
nine
you can up for your favorite one is it
three five
twenty five nah just kidding here
remember to write down the chosen number
so that you don't forget it later
it's going to be x number two
multiply your number which we've dubbed
x
by two so x multiplied by two
well that's simple i can do that without
touching my calculator
number three now add five to your result
x multiplied by two plus five got it
what's next number four multiply the
number you've got
by fifty uh oh it's getting tough
time to make use of that calculator so
you have
x multiplied by two plus five multiplied
by fifty
number five now your birthday comes into
play
if you've already celebrated it this
year add 1770 to your final result
and if this awesome event is still ahead
add
number six hopefully you've got a four
digit number
if not something's gone wrong with your
calculations try going through all the
steps again
and the last task you need to subtract
the year of your birth
from your final result after you've done
this you're supposed to get a three
digit number
the first digit is the number you chose
at the beginning
and the following two digits are your
age
if you haven't made any mistakes in your
calculations you'll have the right
answer
wow i can't believe my eyes how crazy is
that
let's go through all the steps together
and check once again if it works
i'm going to pick one number from one to
nine my favorite one is seven
so that's what i'll choose now i'll
multiply
seven by two seven times two is fourteen
let me add five to my result fourteen
plus five
equals nineteen give me a sec i'll just
grab my calculator
here we go nineteen times fifty
equals nine 9.50 i've already had my
birthday party this year
this means i need to add 1770
to 950 ah done that's
2720 and finally i subtract the year of
my birth
from the final result 2720
minus 1986 is 734
amazing 7 is the number i've chosen and
i'm indeed 34 years old
i wish